Fix instruction for RISC-V (the previous instruction didn't work) (#10374)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/compiling/compiling_for_linuxbsd.rst

  If in doubt, `use this version <https://github.com/riscv-collab/riscv-gnu-toolchain/releases/tag/2021.12.22>`__,
  and download ``riscv64-glibc-ubuntu-18.04-nightly-2021.12.22-nightly.tar.gz``. Extract
  it somewhere and remember its path.
- Clang. RISC-V GCC has
  `bugs with its atomic operations <https://github.com/riscv-collab/riscv-gcc/issues/15>`__
  which prevent it from compiling Godot correctly. Any version of Clang from 16.0.0 upwards
  will suffice. Download it from the package manager of your distro, and make sure that
  it *can* compile to RISC-V. You can verify by executing this command ``clang -print-targets``,

>   make sure you see ``riscv64`` on the list of targets.

Author: Well, the Clang dosn't work for me! It may be matter on the version you're using. What versions of Clang and riscv-gnu-toolchain do you use?

My versions: Clang 18.1.8 and riscv-gnu-toolchain 2023.06.09

Also a small note about riscv-gnu-toolchain: the official Godot documentation says: "the older the toolchain, the more compatible our final binaries will be", and recommends installing version 2021.12.22-ubuntu-18.04. But this script installs version 2023.06.09-ubuntu-20.04, since this is the oldest version with which I was able to compile Godot. For newer ones I get the error
 	mold: fatal: huf_decompress_amd64.linuxbsd.editor.rv64.llvm.o: incompatible file type: riscv64 is expected but got x86_64
Most likely, a more correct way to install the necessary tools exists (I suspect, related to configuring Clang). It should also be noted that I did not check the functionality of the resulting Godot builds, and given the content of the forms on this topic, there is a high chance that they won't even start.

>   make sure you see ``riscv64`` on the list of targets.

Author: The rest of the comments make sense and I fully agree with them. I will make corrections regarding the gcc and correct the command for the terminal.

>   make sure you see ``riscv64`` on the list of targets.

Reviewer: For RISC-V, this platform is so new that the advice about compiling for older Ubuntu versions for better compatibility is superseded by the need to use newer systems for including critical bugfixes. I have upgraded my Ubuntu systems to 24.04 since I last tried this, and I think that is fine as a baseline, given that RISC-V devices are still to this day very niche and will be for several years.

>   make sure you see ``riscv64`` on the list of targets.

Author: > I have upgraded my Ubuntu systems to 24.04 since I last tried this, and I think that is fine as a baseline, given that RISC-V devices are still to this day very niche and will be for several years.

Ok, so... No changes on this page needed?

I still think that if the toolchain have it's own Clang with which it works fine insted of newer one version of Clang we shouldn't insist on installing different Clang. I don't know how it works, but I have an issue with it. Otherwise we need to add a comment that the user should rely on newer versions of Linux (which is already contrary to the documentation and makes it more complicated for user).

I made changes on all other claims in my PR. Maybe we could add such note in page:

"You can use a self-installed version of Clang, but it may have compatibility issues with riscv-gnu-toolchain."

Will this be enough?

This way, we won't have to manually set the directory location
each time we want to reference it.

You also need to add ``$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin`` to your user's PATH environment variable.

::

> 	PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH"

Reviewer: Setting this will only work if it's a part of the command as a prefix to it. Otherwise, it will only be changed in the shell itself. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1158091/defining-a-variable-with-or-without-export

The command below should be edited to include this, it doesn't need its own separate code block.

Author: Fixed.

> 	export PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH"

Reviewer: As you've mentioned in the warning below, exporting this into your PATH may break things. We shouldn't encourage users to write this command, even just in the terminal. Instead, we should override the variable just for the command, instead of exporting it into the PATH, like this:

```
PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH" scons arch=rv64 use_llvm=yes linker=mold ...
```

Adjusting the code block below to include this at the start would be welcome.

::

>     PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH"
>     scons arch=rv64 use_llvm=yes linker=mold lto=none target=editor \

Reviewer: Won't work as-is, you either need to put it on one line or add a `\` to the end.

```suggestion
    PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH" scons arch=rv64 use_llvm=yes linker=mold lto=none target=editor \
```

Author: Ok, I thought about it, but wasn't shure. Done!

        ccflags="--sysroot=$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/sysroot --gcc-toolchain=$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH -target riscv64-unknown-linux-gnu" \
        linkflags="--sysroot=$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/sysroot --gcc-toolchain=$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH -target riscv64-unknown-linux-gnu"

.. note::

    RISC-V GCC has `bugs with its atomic operations <https://github.com/riscv-collab/riscv-gcc/issues/15>`__
    which prevent it from compiling Godot correctly. That's why Clang is used instead. Make sure that
    it *can* compile to RISC-V. You can verify by executing this command ``clang -print-targets``,
    make sure you see ``riscv64`` on the list of targets.

.. warning:: The code above includes adding ``$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin`` to the PATH,
             but only for the following ``scons`` command. Since riscv-gnu-toolchain uses
             its own Clang located in the ``bin`` folder, adding ``$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin``
             to your user's PATH environment variable may block you from accessing another

>              version of Clang if one is installed. For this reason not recommended to make
>              it permanent. You can also omit the ``PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH"`` line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
             version of Clang if one is installed. For this reason it's not recommended to make
             adding the bin folder permanent. You can also omit the ``PATH="$RISCV_TOOLCHAIN_PATH/bin:$PATH"`` line
```

Author: Done.
